APPENDIX

       This file contains 62 phylogenetic trees.  General properties of the
notation are described first.  Then a paragraph for each tree gives its source
and any unique properties; unless otherwise noted, the numbers of species per
terminal come from the same source as the tree itself.  Then the source
references are listed, followed by the trees.

NOTATION

       For each tree, the first line is the title; the second line is a Fortran
integer format, which can be ignored if the data are read in free format; and
the last line consists of '-1' to signal the end of the tree.  Each intervening
line refers to a terminal of the tree.  Unless otherwise noted in the
description of the individual tree, these lines are listed in the same order as
the terminals in the source.  Also unless otherwise noted, the terminal taxa
are genera.

       Of the two numbers in each line referring to a terminal, the first
specifies the structure of the tree, as follows.  The path from the root of the
tree to the given terminal is traversed and the number of segments between
nodes is counted until a segment is reached that has not already been traversed
on the way to a terminal listed previously.  This number, along with the
position of the terminal in the list, uniquely determines the position of the
terminal in the tree.  The second number is the number of species in the
terminal taxon.

       The tree can be reconstructed from the list of first numbers by the
following algorithm.  First, find the largest number (if the same number occurs
more than once, choose the first occurrence in the list).  Combine its terminal
with the one just before it in the list, to form a node (if the terminal or
terminals just after the chosen terminal in the list also have the same largest
number, combine these terminals at the same time to form a node with more than
two branches).  This node is treated as a new terminal, replacing the ones just
combined; its number is the smallest of the numbers identifying the combined
terminals.  Return to the first step; repeat until only one terminal remains.

SOURCES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF TREES

       Broscini.  Roig-Junent (2000), Figure 14.  The paraphyletic genus
Promecodorus is lumped into a single terminal with the genera nested within it:
Bountya, Nothocascellius, Acallistus, Anheterus, Cascellius, and Creobius.

       Hydrophiloidea.  Tree: Archangelsky (1998), Figure 6a.  Terminals are
families.  Species: Hansen (1999).  To illustrate the notation with a simple
tree, there is a diagram of the tree to the right of the data.

       Ochodaeidae.  Scholtz et al. (1988), Figure 2.

       Sphindidae.  McHugh (1993), Figure 93.

       Agapophytinae.  Winterton et al. (2001), Figure 5.

       Bombyliidae.  Tree: Yeates (1994), Figure 510.  Terminals are
subfamilies, except that Sericosoma is a separate terminal.  Species: Hull
(1973).

       Culicidae.  Tree: Harbach and Kitching (1998), Figure 15.  The tree is
the strict consensus of the two trees in the figure.  Species: Knight and
Stone (1977), Zavortinck (1979).

       Pipunculidae.  Tree: Rafael and de Meyer (1992), Figure 1.  Species:
de Meyer (1996).

       Augochlorini.  Engel (2000), Figure 17.

       Dolichoderinae.  Shattuck (1995), Figure 1.

       Formicini.  Agosti (1994), Figure 1.

       Labeninae.  Gauld and Wahl (2000), Figure 87.

       Megalyridae.  Shaw (1990), Figure 2.  The tree is the strict consensus of
the two trees in the figure.

       Trigonalidae.  Carmean and Kimsey (1998), Figure 25 (left side).  The
Asian and American species of the paraphyletic genus Lycogaster are two
separate terminals.

       Heliconiiti.  Penz (1999), Figure 3.

       Hieroxestinae.  Robinson and Tuck (1997), Figure 1.

       Opostegidae.  Davis (1989), Figure 62.

       Hexapoda.  Tree: Wheeler et al. (2001), Figure 17.  Terminals are orders.
Species: McGavin (2001).

       Hoplophorionini.  McKamey and Dietz (1996), Figure 97.  The tree is the
strict consensus of the tree in the figure and the equally parsimonious trees
described in the text.  The paraphyletic genus Potnia is lumped into a single
terminal with the nested genus Ochropepia, and the paraphyletic genus Ramosella
is lumped into a single terminal with the nested genus Turrialba.

       Isoptera.  Tree: Thompson et al. (2000), Figure 3.  Terminals are
families.  Species: www.utoronto.ca/forest/termite/speclist.htm

       Polyphaginae.  Grandcolas (1994), Figure 20.

       Diptilomiopinae.  Hong and Zhang (1997), Figure 6.

       Nicodamidae.  Harvey (1995), Figure 1.

       Theriosomatidae.  Coddington (1986), Figure 1.

       Syrphidae.  Katzourakis et al. (2001), Electronic Appendix B.  The
paraphyletic genus Cheilosia is placed in a node with six branches: one leading
to Cheilosia itself, one each to the nested genera Portevinia, Hiatomyia,
Endoiasimyia, Psarus, and one to the nested subtree.

       Angiosperms.  Davis et al. (2004), Supporting Figure 2.  The tree is the
strict consensus of the trees in the figure.  Terminals are families; they are
ordered from the bottom to the top of each page in the figure.  The
paraphyletic family Icacinaceae is placed in a node with four branches: one
leading to Icacinaceae, one to the nested Oncothecaceae, one to the nested
Eucommiaceae and Garryaceae, and one to the nested Gentianales, Lamiales, and
Solenales.  The paraphyletic family Gentianaceae is lumped into a single
terminal with the nested Gelsemiaceae, Loganiaceae, and Apocynaceae.

       Anthemidae.  Bremer and Humphries (1993), Figures 1-12.  The tree is the
strict consensus of the trees in the figures and the equally parsimonious trees
described in the text, except that Figure 10 is replaced by the more
parsimonious tree described in the text.

       Asteloids.  Rudall et al. (1998), Figure 19.

       Barnadesioidae.  Bremer (1994a), Figure 5-2.

       Calenduleae.  Nordenstam (1994), Figure 17-1.

       Cardueae-Carlininae.  Bremer (1994b), Figure 8-6.

       Chrozophoreae.  Tree: van Welzen (1999), Figure 1.  Species: Webster
(1994).

       Cunoniaceae.  Tree: Bradford and Barnes (2001), Figure 4.  Terminals are
genera, except that Codieae, Caldeluvieae, and Geissoieae are terminals.
Species: Mabberley (1997).

       Cyclanthaceae.  Tree: Eriksson (1994), Figure 2a.  Species: Mabberley
(1997).

       Cypripedioideae.  Tree: Cox et al. (1997), Figure 1.  Species: Mabberley
(1997).

       Hyoscyameae.  Hoare and Knapp (1997), Figure 2.

       Inuleae.  Anderberg (1994a), Figure 14-1.

       Liabeae.  Anderberg (1994b), Figure 13-2.

       Lythraceae.  Graham et al. (1993), Figure 4.

       Nymphaeales.  Les et al. (1999), Figure 2.

       Pitcairnioideae.  Tree: Varaderajan and Gilmartin (1988), Figure 1.
Species: Smith and Till (1998).

       Plucheeae.  Anderberg (1994c), Figure 15-1.

       Podylarieae.  Schutte and van Wyk (1998), Figure 9.

       Restionaceae.  Tree: Linder et al. (2000), Figure 1.  Species:  Cooke
(1998), Linder et al. (1998).

       Ruscaceae.  Rudall et al. (2000), Figure 2.

       Ulmaceae.  Tree: Zavada and Kim (1996), Figure 1.  Cannabis and Humulus
are separate terminals.  Species: Mabberley (1997).

       Anura.  Tree: Hedges and Maxson (1993), Figure 2.  Terminals are
families.  Species: Frost (1985) and Duellman (1993).

       Salamanders.  Tree: Larson and Dimmick (1993), Figures 3, 4a, and 4b.
The tree is the strict consensus of the trees in the figures.  Terminals are
subfamilies.  Species: Frost (1985) and Duellman (1993).

       Anseriformes.  Tree: Livesey (1986), Figure 1.  Species: Sibley and
Monroe (1990, 1993).

       Ciconiidae.  Slikas (1997), Figure 4.

       Corvini.  Tree: Saunders and Edwards (2000), Figure 5.  Species: Sibley
and Monroe (1990, 1993).

       Trogonidae.  Tree: Espinosa de los Monteros (1998), Figure 3.  Species:
Sibley and Monroe (1990, 1993).

       Chaenopsidae.  Hastings and Springer (1994), Figure 21.  Terminals are
genera, except that the Coralliozetus clade and the Chaenopsis clade are
terminals.

       Curimatidae.  Vari (1989), Figure 44.

       Bathygeridae.  Tree: Allard and Honeycutt (1992), Figure 4.  Species:
Wilson and Reeder (1993).

       Eutheria.  Tree: Liu et al. (2001), Figure 1.  Terminals are families,
except that Odontoceti, Carnivora, and Primates are terminals.  Species:
Wilson and Reeder (1993), except that recently extinct species are not counted.

       Odontoceti.  Tree: Messenger and McGuire (1998), Figure 1.  Because of
paraphyletic genera, Phocoenidae are lumped into a single terminal, and
Delphinidae other than Orcaella are lumped into another single terminal.
Species: Wilson and Reeder (1993).

       Elapidae.  Tree: Slowinski and Keogh (2000), Figure 1.  Calliophis and
Hemibungarus are separate terminals; the Asian and African species of the
paraphyletic genus Naja are two separate terminals.  Species:
www.embl-heidelberg.de/~uetz/families/taxa.html

       Phrynosomatidae.  Tree: Wiens (2000), Figure 1. Species:
www.embl-heidelberg.de/~uetz/families/taxa.html

       Pleurodira.  Tree: Georges et al. (1998), Figure 2.  The paraphyletic
genus Elseya is lumped into a single terminal with the nested genera
Rheodytes, Elusor, and Emydura.  Species:
www.embl-heidelberg.de/~uetz/families/taxa.html

       Squamata.  Tree: Lee (1998), Figure 3.  Terminals are families, except
that Serpentes and Amphisbaenia are terminals.  Species:
www.embl-heidelberg.de/~uetz/families/taxa.html

       Life.  Lecointre and Le Guyader (2001), Trees 1-13 and 15.  Terminals
range in rank from order to phylum or dividion; Eutheria are lumped into a
single terminal.

REFERENCES

Agosti, D.  1994.  The phylogeny of the ant tribe Formicini (Hymenoptera:
       Formicidae) with the description of a new genus.  Syst. Entomol.
       19:93-117.

Allard, M. W., and R. L. Honeycutt.  1992.  Nucleotide sequence variation in
       the mitochondrial 12S rRNA gene and the phylogeny of the African mole-
       rats (Rodentia: Bathygeridae).  Mol. Biol. Evol. 9:27-40.

Anderberg, A. A.  1994a.  Tribe Inuleae.  Pages 274-291 in Asteraceae:
       Cladistics and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland,
       Oregon.

Anderberg, A. A.  1994b.  Tribe Plucheeae.  Pages 292-303 in Asteraceae:
       Cladistics and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland,
       Oregon.

Archangelsky, M.  1998.  Phylogeny of Hydrophiloidea (Coleoptera:
       Staphyliniformia) using characters from adult and preimaginal stages.
       Syst. Entomol. 23:9-24.

Bradford, J. C., and R. W. Barnes.  2001.  Phylogenetics and classification of
       Cunoniaceae (Oxidales) using chloroplast DNA sequences and morphology.
       Syst. Bot. 26:354-385.

Bremer, K.  1994a.  Subfamily Barnadesioideae.  Pages 49-60 in Asteraceae:
       Cladistics and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland,
       Oregon.

Bremer, K.  1994b.  Tribe Cardueae.  Pages 112-156 in Asteraceae: Cladistics
       and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland, Oregon.

Bremer, K.  1994c.  Tribe Liabeae.  Pages 234-245 in Asteraceae: Cladistics
       and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland, Oregon.

Bremer, K., and C. J. Humphries.  1993.  Generic monograph of the Asteraceae-
       Anthemidae.  Bull. Nat. Hist. Mus. Lond. (Bot.) 23:71-177.

Carmean, D., and L. Kimsey.  1998.  Phylogenetic revision of the parasitoid
       wasp family Trigonalidae (Hymenoptera).  Syst. Entomol. 23:35-76.

Coddington, J. A.  1986.  The genera of the spider family Theridiosomatidae.
       Smithson. Contrib. Zool. 422:1-96.

Cooke, D. A.  1998.  Centrolepidaceae.  Pages 75-99 in The families and genera
       of vascular plants, Volume IV (K. Kubitzki, ed.).  Springer, Berlin.

Cox, A. V., A. M. Pridgeon, V. A. Albert, and M. W. Chase.  1997.
       Phylogenetics of the slipper orchids (Cypripedioideae, Orchidaceae):
       Nuclear rDNA ITS sequences.  Plant Syst. Evol. 208:197-223.

Davis, D. R.  1989.  Generic revision of the Opostegidae, with a synoptic
       catalog of the world's species (Lepidoptera: Nepticuloidea).  Smithson.
       Contrib. Zool. 478:1-97.

de Meyer, M.  1996.  World catalogue of Pipunculidae (Diptera).  Doc. Travail
       Inst. R. Soc. Nat. Belg. 86:1-127.

Duellman, W. E.  1993.  Amphibian species of the world: Additions and
       corrections.  University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas.

Engel, M. S.  2000.  Classification of the bee tribe Augochlorini
       (Hymenoptera: Halictidae).  Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist. 250:1-90.

Ericsson, R.  1994.  Phylogeny of the Cyclanthaceae.  Plant Syst. Evol.
       190:31-47.

Espinosa de los Monteros, A.  1998.  Phylogenetic relationships among the
       trogons.  Auk 115:937-954.

Frost, D. R.  1985.  Amphibian species of the world: A taxonomic and
       geographical reference.  Allen Press, Lawrence, Kansas.

Gauld, I. D., and D. B. Wahl.  2000.  The Labeninae (Hymenoptera:
       Ichneumonidae): A study in phylogenetic reconstruction and evolutionary
       biology.  Zool. J. Linn. Soc. 129:271-347.

Georges, A., J. Birrell, K. M. Saint, W. McCord, and S. C. Donnellan.  1998.
       A phylogeny for side-necked turtles (Chelonia: Pleurodira) based on
       mitochondrial and nuclear gene sequence variation.  Biol. J. Linn. Soc.
       67:213-246.

Graham, S. A., J. V. Crisci, and P. C. Hoch.  1993.  Cladistic analysis of the
       Lythraceae sensu lato based on morphological characters.  Bot. J. Linn.
       Soc. 113:1-33.

Grandcolas, P.  1994.  Phylogenetic systematics of the subfamily Polyphaginae,
       with the assignment of Cryptocercus Scudder, 1862 to this taxon
       (Blattaria, Blaberoidea, Polyphagidae).  Syst. Entomol. 19:145-158.

Hansen, M.  1999.  Hydrophiloidea (s. str.) (Coleoptera).  Apollo Press,
       Stenstrup, Denmark.

Harbach, R. E., and I. J. Kitching.  1998.  Phylogeny and classification of
       the Culicidae (Diptera).  Syst. Entomol. 23:327-370.

Harvey, M. S.  1995.  The systematics of the spider family Nicodamidae
       (Araneae: Amaurobioidea).  Invertebr. Taxon. 9:279-386.

Hastings, P. A., and V. G. Springer.  1994.  Review of Stathmonotus, with
       redefinition and phylogenetic analysis of the Chaenopsidae (Teleostei:
       Blennioidei).  Smithson. Contrib. Zool. 558:1-48.

Hedges, S. B., and L. R. Maxson.  1993.  A molecular perspective on
       lissamphibian phylogeny.  Herpetol. Monogr. 7:27-42.

Hoare, A. L., and S. Knapp.  1997.  A phylogenetic conspectus of the tribe
       Hyoscyameae (Solanaceae).  Bull. Nat. Hist. Mus. Lond. (Bot.) 27:11-29.

Hong, X., and Z.-Q. Zhang.  1997.  Systematics and generic relationships of
       the mites in the subfamily Diptilomiopinae (Acari: Eriophytoidea:
       Diptilomiopidae).  Syst. Entomol. 22:313-331.

Hull, F. M.  1973.  Bee flies of the world: The genera of the family
       Bombyliidae.  Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington, D. C.

Katzourakis, A., A. Purvis, S. Azmeh, G. Rotheray, and F. Gilbert.  2001.
       Macroevolution of hoverflies (Diptera: Syrphidae): The effect of using
       higher-level taxa in studies of biodiversity, and correlates of species
       richness.  J. Evol. Biol. 14:219-227.

Knight, K. L., and A. Stone.  1977.  A catalogue of the mosquitoes of the
       world, 2nd edition.  Entomological Society of America, College Park,
       Maryland.

Larson, A., and W. W. Dimmick.  1993.  Phylogenetic relationships of the
       salamander families: An analysis of congruence among morphological and
       molecular characters.  Herpetol. Monogr. 7:77-93.

Lecointre, G., and H. Le Guyader.  2001.  Classification phylogenetique du
       vivant, 2e edition.  Belon, Paris.

Lee, M. S. Y.  1998.  Convergent evolution and character correlation in
       burrowing reptiles: Towards a resolution of squamate relationships.
       Biol. J. Linn. Soc. 65:369-453.

Les, D. H., E. L. Schneider, D. J. Padgett, P. S. Soltis, D. E. Soltis, and
       M. Zanis.  1999.  Phylogeny, classification, and floral evolution of
       water lilies (Nymphaeaceae; Nymphaeales): A synthesis of non-molecular,
       rbcL, matK, and 18S rDNA data.  Syst. Bot. 24:28-46.

Linder, H. P., B. G. Briggs, and L. A. S. Johnson.  1998.  Restionaceae.
       Pages 425-445 in The families and genera of vascular plants, Volume IV
       (K. Kubitzki, ed.).  Springer, Berlin.

Linder, H. P., B. G. Briggs, and L. A. S. Johnson.  2000.  Restionaceae: A
       morphological phylogeny.  Pages 653-660 in Monocots: Systematics and
       evolution (K. L. Wilson and D. A. Morrison, eds.).  CSIRO, Collingwood,
       Victoria.

Liu, F.-G. R., M. M. Miyamoto, N. P. Freire, P. Q. Ong, M. R. Tennant, T. S.
       Young, and K. F. Gugel.  2001.  Molecular and morphological supertrees
       for eutherian (placental) mammals.  Science 291:1786-1789.

Livezey, B. C.  1986.  A phylogenetic analysis of recent anseriform genera
       using morphological characters.  Auk 103:737-757.

Mabberley, D. J.  1997.  The plant-book, 2nd edition.  Cambridge Univ. Press,
       Cambridge, U. K.

McGavin, G. C.  2001.  Essential entomology.  Oxford Univ. Press, Oxford,
       U. K.

McHugh, J. V.  1993.  A revision of Eurysphindus Leconte (Coleoptera,
       Cucujoidea, Sphindidae) and a review of sphindid classification and
       phylogeny.  Syst. Entomol. 18:57-92.

McKamey, S. H., and L. L. Dietz.  1996.  Generic revision of the New World
       tribe Hoplophorionini (Hemiptera: Membracidae: Membracinae).  Syst.
       Entomol. 21:295-342.

Messenger, S. L., and J. A. McGuire.  1998.  Morphology, molecules, and the
       phylogenetics of cetaceans.  Syst. Biol. 47:90-124.

Nordenstam, B.  1994.  Tribe Calendulae.  Pages 365-376 in Asteraceae:
       Cladistics and classification (K. Bremer, ed.).  Timber Press, Portland,
       Oregon.

Penz, C. M.  1999.  Higher level phylogeny for the passion-vine butterflies
       (Nymphalidae, Heliconiinae)  based on early stage and adult morphology.
       Zool. J. Linn. Soc. 127:277-344.

Raphael, J. A., and M. de Meyer.  1992.  Generic classification of the family
       Pipunculidae (Diptera): A cladistic analysis.  J. Nat. Hist. 26:637-658.

Robinson, G. S., and K. R. Tuck.  1997.  Phylogeny and composition of the
       Hieroxestinae (Lepidoptera: Tineidae).  Syst. Entomol. 22:363-396.

Riog-Junent, S.  2000.  The subtribes and genera of the tribe Broscini
       (Coleoptera: Carabidae): Cladistic analysis, taxonomic treatment, and
       biogeographical considerations.  Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist. 255:1-90.

Rudall, P. J., M. W. Chase, D. F. Cutler, J. Rusby, and A. Y. de Bruijn.
       1998.  Anatomical and molecular systematics of Asteliaceae and
       Hypoxidaceae.  Bot. J. Linn. Soc. 127:1-42.

Rudall, P. J., J. G. Conran, and M. W. Chase.  2000.  Systematics of the
       Ruscaceae/Convallariaceae:  A combined morphological and molecular
       investigation.  Bot. J. Linn. Soc. 134:73-92.

Saunders, M. A., and S. V. Edwards.  2000.  Dynamics and phylogenetic
       implications of mtDNA control region sequences in New World jays (Aves:
       Corvidae).  J. Mol. Evol. 51:97-109.

Scholtz. C. H., D. D'Hotman, A. V. Evans, and A. Nel.  1988.  Phylogeny and
       systematics of the Ochodaeidae (Insecta: Coleoptera: Scarabaeoidea).
       J. Entomol. Soc. Southern Afr. 51:207-240.

Schutte, A. L., and B.-E. van Wyk.  1998.  Evolutionary relationships in the
       Podalyrieae and Liparieae (Fabaceae) based on morphological,
       cytological, and chemical evidence.  Plant Syst. Evol. 209:1-31.

Shattuck, S. O.  1995.  Generic-level relationships within the ant subfamily
       Dolichoderinae (Hymenoptera, Formicidae).  Syst. Entomol. 20:217-228.

Shaw, S. R.  1990.  Phylogeny and biogeography of the parasitoid wasp family
       Megalyridae (Hymenoptera).  J. Biogeogr. 17:569-581.

Sibley, C. G., and B. L. Monroe.  1990.  Distribution and taxonomy of the
       birds of the world.  Yale Univ. Press, New Haven, Connecticut.

Sibley, C. G., and B. L. Monroe.  1993.  A supplement to distribution and
       taxonomy of the birds of the world.  Yale Univ. Press, New Haven,
       Connecticut.

Slikas, B.  1997.  Phylogeny of the avian family Ciconiidae (Storks) based on
       cytochrome b sequences and DNA-DNA hybridization distances.  Mol.
       Phylogenet. Evol. 8:275-300.

Slowinski, J. B., and J. S. Keogh.  2000.  Phylogenetic relationships of
       elapid snakes based on cytochrome b mtDNA sequences.  Mol. Phylogenet.
       Evol. 15:157-164.

Smith, L. B., and W. Till.  1998.  Bromeliaceae.  Pages 75-99 in The families
       and genera of vascular plants, Volume IV (K. Kubitzki, ed.).  Springer,
       Berlin.

Thompson, G. J., O. Kitade, N. Lo, and R. H. Crozier.  2000.  Phylogenetic
       evidence for a single, ancestral origin of a 'true' worker caste in
       termites.  J. Evol. Biol. 13:869-881.

van Welzen, P. C.  1999.  Revision and phylogeny of subtribes Chrozophorinae
       and Doryxylinae (Euphorbiaceae) in Malesia and Thailand.  Blumea
       44:411-436.

Varadarajan, G. S., and A. J. Gilmartin.  1988.  Phylogenetic relationships of
       groups of genera within the subfamily Pitcairnioideae (Bromeliaceae).
       Syst. Bot. 13:283-293.

Vari, R. P.  1989.  A phylogenetic study of the Neotropical characiform family
       Curimatidae (Pisces: Ostariophysi).  Smithson. Contrib. Zool. 471:1-71.

Webster, G. L.  1994.  Synopsis of the genera and suprageneric taxa of
       Euphorbiaceae.  Ann. Mo. Bot. Gard. 81:33-144.

Wheeler, W. C., M. Whiting, Q. D. Wheeler, and J. M. Carpenter.  2001.  The
       phylogeny of the extant hexapod orders.  Cladistics 17:113-169.

Wiens, J. J.  2000.  Decoupled evolution of display morphology and display
       behaviour in phrynosomatid lizards.  Biol. J. Linn. Soc. 70:597-612.

Wilson, D. E., and D. M. Reeder (eds.).  1993.  Mammal species of the world.
       Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington, D. C.

Winterton, S. L., L. Yang, B. M. Wiegmann, and D. K. Yeates.  2001.
       Phylogenetic revision of Agapophytinae subf. n. (Diptera: Therevidae)
       based on molecular and morphological evidence.  Syst. Entomol.
       26:173-211.

Yeates, D. K.  1994.  The cladistics and classification of the Bombyliidae
       (Diptera: Asiloidea).  Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist. 219:1-191.

Zavada, M. S., and M. Kim.  1996.  Phylogenetic analysis of Ulmaceae.  Plant
       Syst. Evol. 200:13-20.

Zavortink, T. J.  1979.  Mosquito studies (Diptera: Culicidae).  XXXV: The new
       sabethine genus Johnbelkinia and a preliminary reclassification of the
       composite genus Trichosporon.  Contrib. Am. Entomol. Inst. 17:1-62.

TREES

Broscini
(2I4)
    0   1
    2   1
    3   1
    1   3
    4  19
    3   3
    4   1
    6   4
    5  13
    6   1
    7   1
    2   4
    4   8
    5   1
    5   4
    7   1
    6   2
    7   3
    8  59
    9   3
   10   1
    3   3
    8  16
    7  17
    6   7
    5  54
    4   1
    5   2
    6   6
    6  14
   -1
Hydrophiloidea
(I4,I6)
    0   183     -------------------
    2    27     --------/     /
    3    77     ----/        /
    1   164     ------------/
    2    16     --------/
    3  2336     ----/
   -1
Ochodaeidae
(2I4)
    0  65
    3   1
    2   5
    3   1
    1   1
    2   3
    3   3
    4   1
   -1
Sphindidae
(2I4)
    0   2
    1   3
    2   1
    3   1
    4   4
    5  16
    4  12
    5   7
    6   5
   -1
Agapophytinae
(2I4)
    0   2
    2   2
    3  10
    4   7
    1   7
    2   5
    4   2
    3   3
    5   5
    4  11
   -1
Bombyliidae
(I4,I6)
    0   300
    1     5
    2   251
    3   317
    4    31
    5    44
    6  1000
    7    34
    8     6
    9    52
   10     2
   11   149
   12   300
   13  1960
   14    39
   15    17
   -1
Culicidae
(I4,I6)
    0     4
    2   364
    3     7
    1     6
    3   167
    2    33
    4     7
    5    11
    3    24
    5    35
    6    63
    4    29
    7     4
    6    28
    7    46
    9     2
    8   896
    9    38
    9     1
    9    47
   10    55
   11    23
    5   717
    7    18
    8     1
    6     1
    7   113
    8    12
   10    30
    9    21
   10     3
   11     8
   10     3
   12    15
   11    22
   12   105
   13     8
   14    28
   -1
Pipunculidae
(2I4)
    0  38
    2   6
    3  22
    1   1
    3  13
    2   4
    4  52
    3   1
    4  44
    6 170
    5  28
    7   4
    6 397
    8   1
   10   5
   11   4
   12   3
    9  21
   10  33
   11   3
    7 244
    8  83
   -1
Augochlorini
(2I4)
    0   4
    3   5
    2   2
    3  18
    4   2
    1  67
    2   3
    3   2
    5   6
    6   2
    7  17
    4   1
    5   4
    7  26
    8   2
    6  15
    8   4
    7 137
    2   9
    3   7
    4   2
    5   9
    5   1
    6  15
    8   6
   10   1
    9  87
   10  27
    7   8
    8   3
    9   1
    9   1
    9   1
   10   1
   10   1
   11   2
   -1
Dolichoderinae
(2I4)
    0  40
    1 140
    3   8
    4  13
    5  95
    6  88
    2 130
    3  10
    6   6
    5  80
    6  14
    7   7
    8   6
    4  30
    5   1
    7  28
    6   3
    7  78
    9  30
    8  45
    9   1
   -1
Formicini
(2I4)
    0 158
    2   5
    3   2
    1   3
    2  25
    3   3
    4  61
   -1
Labenini
(2I4)
    0  20
    2   3
    3  50
    1   4
    4   1
    3   1
    2   1
    3  50
    4   1
    5  25
    6   2
    7  25
   -1
Megalyridae
(2I4)
    0  27
    3   1
    4   4
    3   1
    4  11
    5   2
    2   1
    1   1
   -1
Trigonalidae
(2I4)
    0   3
    9   1
   14   1
   13   4
   12   5
   11   5
   10   4
   10   2
    8   3
    7  10
    6  39
    5   5
    4   2
    3   2
    2   1
    3   1
    1  11
   -1
Heliconiiti
(2I4)
    0   1
    2   3
    1   2
    2   1
    4   1
    5   4
    3   1
    5   3
    6  12
    4  39
   -1
Hieroxestinae
(2I4)
    0  67
    4   1
    3  16
    4 174
    2  14
    1   3
   -1
Opostegidae
(2I4)
    0   1
    1   1
    3   7
    3   6
    2  60
    3  31
   -1
Hexapoda
(I4,I8)
    0    6000
    2     500
    1     800
    2     350
    3     360
    4    2500
    5    5300
    6      30
    8    2500
    9    2000
   10    4000
    7    2000
    9     200
    8      20
   11    1900
   10   20000
   11    2500
    9   82000
   11    4500
   12    3000
   13    5000
   10  370000
   12     300
   13     200
   13    5000
   11  198000
   12    7000
   14  165000
   13    2500
   14     550
   15     560
   16  122000
   -1
Hoplophorionini
(2I4)
    0  27
    1  24
    4   1
    3  13
    3   9
    2  26
    3   2
    4   3
   -1
Isoptera
(I4,I6)
    0     1
    1    20
    3    19
    2   419
    3     1
    4   343
    5  1958
   -1
Polyphaginae
(2I4)
    0   5
    3   7
    4   1
    2   7
    3  18
    4   5
    5   3
    1  11
    4   2
    3   2
    2  35
    4   1
    4   1
    4   8
    3   1
    4   1
   -1
Diptilomiopinae
(2I4)
    0   1
    1   1
    4   1
    9   1
   11   1
   12   2
   10   1
    8  43
    8   2
    7   1
    6   6
    5   5
    4   2
    4   1
    3   2
    3   1
    3   1
    3  31
    3   1
    4   1
    2   2
    3   3
    2   1
   -1
Nicodamidae
(2I4)
    0   2
    3   1
    2  11
    3   3
    2   6
    2   2
    3   2
    1   1
    2   1
   -1
Theriosomatidae
(2I4)
    0   4
    2   5
    1   2
    2   4
    1  15
    2  15
    3   3
    4   1
    5   6
   -1
Syrphidae
(I4,I6)
    0   258
    2     1
    2    15
    3     4
    1   104
    2     7
    1     1
    2     1
    2     1
    2     1
    2     6
    3     6
    1   390
    2     3
    2    21
    2     6
    2     1
    2    12
    4    37
    3    77
    5   325
    5     3
    5     1
    4     5
    7    18
    8    18
    6   358
    8    20
    8    24
    7    27
   10     5
    9    34
   10    25
   10    47
   11    10
    8    52
    9    25
   10   148
   11   141
   11   300
   11    16
   11    31
   11     2
   11     1
   11     1
   11     5
   11     2
   11     2
   11     1
   11     1
   11     1
   11     1
   11    35
   11     4
   12     5
   11    23
   13    75
   12    58
   14   114
   13    19
   15    26
   16    16
   14    21
   15     1
   16    22
   18    31
   19     1
   17    90
   19    61
   21    71
   22    16
   23     4
   24     1
   20    36
   22     1
   21     3
   22     4
   23     4
   24    44
   24     1
   24    11
   24     1
   24     3
   18     5
   21     3
   20     4
   21    20
   22    17
   19     9
   20    21
   21     1
    5     3
    6     6
    6     1
    6     4
    6    14
    6     2
    6     2
    7    29
    6     2
    8     1
    8     4
    9    55
   10    23
   11    12
    7     2
    9     1
    9    19
   10    68
    8    95
   10    37
    9    24
   11     3
   11    32
   12    26
   13     1
   14     5
   10   187
   12     1
   11     3
   13     2
   15     2
   15    28
   16     1
   14     8
   16     2
   15    34
   17    16
   16    28
   18     1
   18     8
   18     1
   17    56
   18    98
   19    23
   21     2
   21     1
   21     7
   21     1
   21     1
   21    95
   21    43
   21     5
   21    24
   21    17
   21    14
   21     7
   21     1
   21     3
   22     2
   23    81
   20    11
   21    47
   21     1
   21    25
   21    11
   21     3
   21     3
   21    12
   22    25
   21    17
   22    19
   23     1
   23     3
   23     2
   23     2
   23     1
   23     1
   12    57
   15    41
   14     7
   15    20
   16     1
   17    12
   13    31
   16     1
   17     2
   17     1
   15     2
   17     3
   17     1
   17     4
   19    17
   18    49
   19     3
   16     1
   17     1
   18     3
   14     6
   16     1
   16     5
   16    51
   17     8
   17     9
   15     6
   18     6
   17    17
   18     3
   16    18
   17     1
   -1
Angiosperms
(I4,I6)
    0     1
    1    81
    2     5
    5    86
    4     2
    3    10
    5     2
    6    43
    9     1
   11     1
   13    20
   12     3
   14    16
   13   120
   14    18
   10    12
   12    90
   11     1
   12    80
    8  2575
    8    22
    7     3
    8    80
   10   700
   12   180
   11    32
   12   270
    9    20
   11   155
   12   890
   10     6
   13  2500
   13     2
   15     6
   16    75
   17   640
   18    30
   14     2
   16     7
   15    24
   16    80
   17    55
   18   200
   19   700
   19   400
   13    80
   14    10
   16  2400
   15    10
   16     4
   18   357
   20     9
   19     2
   20     1
   21 12000
   17  1100
   19   288
   18     4
   19  5000
   20   428
   12 18520
   14    11
   15   206
   16     4
   13    28
   15     3
   16     4
   14  1800
   15     2
   16    86
   18    28
   19   796
   17     1
   19   783
   19   116
   19   767
   19   434
   20   140
   18     9
   20   800
   19   502
   11     4
   12   320
   14   494
   13   140
   14   200
   15     6
   16   217
    4    65
    5  3000
   10     7
    9   306
    8    16
    9   120
    7     7
    9   154
   11    12
   12     1
   10    57
   11   168
   12  2500
    8   300
    9   230
   11     2
   12     2
   10     2
   11  1200
    6   665
    8     2
    9     1
   11    45
   10   520
   11  1500
   12   630
    7     2
    9  1050
    8   107
    9     2
   10    71
   11    52
   12   400
   15  2062
   14     4
   15     1
   19     3
   20    20
   18    82
   19   112
   17   800
   19   775
   18   120
   19    90
   16     1
   17     2
   19     7
   18     3
   20  1554
   21   130
   22  2617
   19  2300
   20    10
   21  2250
   14     3
   15     1
   14     5
   17    81
   16    10
   17   250
   18   212
   15   600
   18     5
   19   100
   17    11
   20   310
   19   975
   20   100
   21   130
   22   615
   23  1335
   18   460
   20     2
   19   100
   21   500
   22    20
   23   180
   20     2
   22     1
   23   301
   21   120
   23    13
   24  3350
   22    14
   23     2
   24   341
   16    80
   20    50
   19     4
   20   402
   21     5
   18   744
   20   162
   19     7
   21    22
   20    14
   21     2
   23    11
   25    12
   26    17
   24    40
   25   300
   26    40
   27 13000
   22    30
   23   150
   24  2000
   20    42
   22    60
   21     3
   22    75
   20     3
   21     3
   23     1
   24     8
   22     6
   23    19
   26    57
   27  3310
   25   200
   24   848
   17     2
   18   173
   18     1
   19    16
   18 10200
   21  4906
   20     1
   21     5
   23   615
   22     3
   23   275
   24  2000
   25  1854
   26  1681
   27    39
   28     2
   31  1550
   32     6
   30    41
   32    20
   33  3510
   31   745
   32  1040
   33  6700
   29     9
   30     2
   31   246
   19     5
   21  2666
   20     5
   22     2
   23    11
   21  1820
   22  2093
   13    35
   16     1
   15     2
   18    33
   17     2
   19   145
   18  1500
   16    17
   17   150
   18   584
   15    80
   16    13
   14   920
   15     1
   16     1
   20     1
   21     1
   19    16
   20    10
   21    10
   18   700
   19    17
   20    19
   17    50
   16   500
   20   620
   21   640
   19  4620
   20   200
   21    10
   23     1
   24     1
   25    10
   26    25
   22  4830
   18    11
   20     2
   23     1
   22    89
   21    12
   23    55
   22     1
   23    11
   24     1
   26    12
   27     2
   25     2
   27     2
   26    16
   28     1
   29    80
   27  3850
   19     5
   22     1
   23     8
   21     5
   24   610
   25   500
   23  2200
   22  1800
   23   575
   24   101
   20   812
   22   820
   23     3
   21    10
   21    17
   22    14
   23  2967
   17    34
   22  7000
   21   831
   22  1100
   20    30
   21   963
   23    36
   24   130
   25   371
   22    25
   21   130
   21   142
   22     3
   23   800
   24     3
   21   650
   21   203
   22    20
   21    79
   22    12
   23   596
   21    27
   23     2
   22    50
   21    15
   22  1050
   21   660
   21   370
   19   393
   22    45
   24     1
   23   260
   21   955
   20     3
   21     2
   22    50
   23  1300
   18   301
   19     3
   21   860
   22    10
   23 18000
   20    36
   23     2
   25   920
   25   640
   25     1
   24     5
   25    15
   22    35
   23   865
   24    51
   26    55
   25     1
   26    65
   27   110
   21  2000
   22     1
   25     1
   24   950
   23    48
   24   134
   25   825
   26  1675
   -1
Anthemideae
(2I4)
    0  38
    2   4
    3  18
    5   6
    5   1
    4   7
    5  39
    6   1
    1   9
    2   1
    2   3
    2   8
    2   4
    2   1
    1 152
    2   2
    2  21
    3   9
    4   9
    3  19
    4   1
    1   1
    2   4
    3  10
    1   1
    2   1
    3   1
    4   1
    5   4
    1  10
    2  37
    3   4
    3   1
    2  34
    2   3
    2   2
    2   1
    2   1
    2   9
    2   2
    2 134
    2   1
    2 388
    2   3
    2   2
    2   1
    3   1
    1   8
    2   1
    2 115
    3  12
    4   1
    2   2
    3   6
    3   1
    4   1
    1 211
    1   1
    1   2
    2   1
    3   1
    3  24
    1   1
    3   1
    4   1
    2   1
    3   2
    3   1
    4   2
    5   9
    6  33
    7  12
    7   3
    9   1
    8   2
    9   1
   10   3
   10   2
    1   9
    2   1
    4   2
    3   2
    4   3
    1   4
    3  23
    3   4
    2   3
    2   8
    2   1
    2   1
    3   1
    2   7
    3   4
    2   1
    2   2
    3   5
    2   1
    2  38
    2   2
    2   3
    3   1
    2   1
    3  55
    4  33
    4   8
    3  12
    4   8
    4  26
   -1
Asteloids
(2I4)
    0  25
    4   5
    3   4
    2  15
    5  10
    6   1
    4  89
    6   6
    5   1
    7  30
    6   2
    3   1
    1   4
   -1
Barnadesioideae
(2I4)
    0   1
    2   2
    3   1
    1  20
    2  40
    2   3
    3   1
    4  23
    5   1
   -1
Calenduleae
(2I4)
    0   8
    3   2
    2  19
    1   2
    2  20
    3  45
    4   1
    5  15
   -1
Cardueae-Carlininae
(2I4)
    0   2
    2   2
    3   1
    2  30
    2   2
    2   7
    2  28
    2   1
    1   8
    2   4
    3   1
    4   5
    5   2
   -1
Chrozophoreae
(2I4)
    0   2
    3  40
    2   1
    3  18
    4  20
    4  45
    1  10
    2   1
    3   2
    4   1
    5   1
   -1
Cunoniaceae
(2I4)
    0 190
    8  17
    9  26
    7   1
    6  15
    5  11
    5  27
    5   1
    5   2
    5   1
    5   6
    4   4
    3   1
    6   1
    5   5
    4  18
    2   2
    1  20
   -1
Cyclanthaceae
(2I4)
    0   4
    6   7
    5  40
    4   3
    3   1
    6   1
    5   4
    4  89
    4   1
    3  49
    2   1
    1   1
   -1
Cypripedioideae
(2I4)
    0  64
    3  15
    4   1
    2  40
    1   6
   -1
Hyoscyameae
(2I4)
    0  24
    1   1
    2   1
    3   4
    5   2
    4   3
    5   5
   -1
Inuleae
(2I4)
    0  32
    1   6
    3  27
    4   1
    2   8
    6   3
    5   1
    4   2
    3   1
    2   4
    3   3
    2   1
    2   2
    2   1
    3 100
    4   1
    4  18
    4   1
    4   1
    5  25
    4   2
    4   1
    4  13
    6   2
    5 100
    6   1
    7   2
    8   9
    4   2
    5   5
    7  80
    6   1
    7   9
    8   3
    9  11
   -1
Liabeae
(2I4)
    0   1
    1  12
    3  38
    2   7
    3   1
    4   3
    4   3
    6   7
    5   6
    6  23
    6   6
    8  43
    7   4
    8   5
   -1
Lythraceae
(2I4)
    0   5
    3   2
    2   2
    3  56
    4   1
    1   1
    3   1
    2   1
    3   1
    4   1
    4  72
    5   2
    6   1
    7  15
    7   3
    7   2
    5  50
    6  25
    6  35
    6  44
    7   4
    7   1
    7   2
    3   1
    4   1
    5   1
    5   2
    6   1
    6   6
    7  11
    8 275
   -1
Nymphaeales
(2I4)
    0   2
    6   1
    5  50
    4   1
    3   4
    2  16
    1   5
    2   1
   -1
Pitcairnioideae
(2I4)
    0  14
    4   2
    6 124
    5  29
    3  51
    4 190
    2   1
    6   5
    8  16
    7  98
    5  39
    4 285
    5  68
    3   3
    1  21
   -1
Plucheeae
(2I4)
    0   2
    1   1
    3   1
    4   1
    2   5
    4   1
    5  18
    3   1
    5   1
    6  17
    7   7
    5   2
    6   4
    4   8
    5   1
    5   2
    6   1
    6   1
    6  80
    7   1
    5   1
    7   2
    8   2
    6  14
    7   1
    7   1
    8  40
    9   1
   -1
Podalyrieae
(2I4)
    0   9
    2  21
    3  21
    1  23
    2  20
    3  19
    4   3
    5   2
    6   7
   -1
Restionaceae
(2I4)
    0   2
    2  22
    4   8
   13   2
   15   1
   14   1
   13  18
   14   1
   13   1
   13   2
   13   5
   13   1
   13   1
   12   2
   11   1
   10   4
   11  20
   11   6
    9  16
   10   4
   14   3
   15   1
   13   1
   12   8
   11   1
    8   2
    8   3
   10   8
   11   4
   11   4
   11   3
   11   3
   11  10
   11   1
    9   1
    7   1
    6   9
    7  48
   11  34
   12   7
   10  35
   13  12
   12   1
   11  11
    9   8
    9  93
    8  23
    7   6
   11  12
   10  15
    9   7
    8   2
    8   1
    8  15
    8   3
    5   2
    3   7
    1   3
   -1
Ruscaceae
(2I4)
    0  11
   10   2
    9  15
   11   1
   10   1
    8   2
    7   1
    9   1
    8   6
    6  10
    5   6
    7  57
    6  28
    4  80
    5  50
    3   1
    6  25
    5  16
    4   5
    5  54
    2   2
    1 100
   -1
Ulmaceae
(2I4)
    0   2
    2   2
    3   1
    4   1
    4   1
    4  28
    4   4
    1  10
    2   5
    3   1
    3   2
    3   6
    3   1
    4 100
    5   5
    7  12
    6   8
    7   2
    8   1
    9   3
   -1
Anura
(I4,I6)
    0     1
    2     3
    3    90
    4     2
    5     1
    6    16
    7    28
    1   300
    4   313
    3   702
    2     5
    3     3
    4   110
    5   843
    6    94
    7     2
    8   159
   10   368
    9   204
   10   720
   -1
Salamanders
(I4,I6)
    0     3
    2   246
    2     4
    2     6
    3    55
    4    32
    5     4
    2     3
    3    36
    1     3
   -1
Anseriformes
(2I4)
    0   2
    2   1
    1   1
    2   8
    3   1
    4   1
    8   5
    7   1
    6  10
    8   5
    7   1
    5   1
    6   1
    7   1
    9   7
   10   1
   10   1
   11   5
   11   1
   10   1
   11   4
   13   1
   12   1
    8   1
    9   2
   10   2
    9   1
   10   3
   11  41
   12   1
   12   1
   12   1
   12   1
   13   1
   14   3
   15  12
   12   1
   14   3
   15   1
   16   1
   17   3
   18   1
   19   1
   21   3
   20   1
   21   5
   13   1
   14   1
   15   6
   16   1
   -1
Ciconiidae
(2I4)
    0   3
    2   4
    3   2
    1   7
    2   2
    3   1
   -1
Corvini
(2I4)
    0   5
    3   2
    2   2
    5   1
    4  16
    3   1
    1   9
   -1
Trogonidae
(2I4)
    0  17
    4   5
    5   1
    3   2
    2  11
    1   3
   -1
Chaenopsidae
(2I4)
    0   9
    1   1
    2  18
    5  25
    4  17
    5   3
    3   6
   -1
Curimatidae
(2I4)
    0   5
    1   5
    2  21
    3  11
    4  30
    5   7
    5   7
    5  31
   -1
Bathygeridae
(2I4)
    0   1
    1   1
    2   2
    4   1
    3   7
   -1
Eutheria
(I4,I6)
    0    16
   11     3
   10     2
   12     4
   13     2
   16    47
   15   135
   14     1
   11     6
    9     4
   11     6
   12     1
   10    67
    8     8
    9     4
   10     5
    7   268
    8     7
    6   163
    7    47
    8     3
   11     1
   10    12
   11     5
   12   130
    9     2
   12     8
   11   141
   10     5
   15     2
   14     2
   13     1
   12    81
   13   317
   11     1
    5     2
    6   233
    7    19
    4    25
    6    54
    5     7
    6     1
   11   273
   10     2
    9    35
   10    59
    8    51
    9  1306
   10     1
   11    26
    7    12
   10     2
    9    11
    8    12
    9     6
   12     3
   11    47
   13    70
   14     1
   12    12
   10     1
   12     2
   11    14
   11     1
   11    13
    3    18
    5    24
    4     2
    6   312
    7    42
    5    21
    2     6
    4     2
    5     1
    6     3
    3    15
    4     1
    1     3
    4     2
    3     4
    2    19
   -1
Odontoceti
(2I4)
    0   1
    2   2
    1   2
    3   1
    4   1
    5   2
    6  12
    2   2
    3   1
    4   1
    6   1
    5   1
    7   1
    6   5
    6   1
    7  31
   -1
Elapidae
(2I4)
    0   9
    4   3
    3   2
    2   1
    3  65
    1   1
    6   2
    5  11
    6   1
    8   2
    7   9
    4   1
    3   9
    2   4
    4  12
    3   1
   -1
Phrynosomatinae
(2I4)
    0  14
    2   4
    5   1
    4   1
    3   5
    1   9
    2   2
    3   9
    4  77
   -1
Pleurodira
(2I4)
    0   1
    4  15
    3  13
    2   1
    4   1
    7   4
    6   5
    5   1
    6   8
    3   2
    1   1
    3  18
    2   1
    4   6
    3   1
   -1
Squamata
(I4,I6)
    0   892
    2   379
    3   160
    1    26
    3  1054
    4    36
    2   279
    4   120
    5   194
    3    86
    4  1289
    4   112
    5     7
    6     2
    7     1
    9    58
    8  2955
    9   165
   10    16
   -1
Life
(I4,I8)
    0     179
    3     179
    4     996
    5     459
    6    1457
    2    3125
    4    1408
    3     152
    4      55
    2      38
    3     116
    4     269
    2     344
    2     113
    2      78
    2      21
    2      14
    2      18
    1      14
    3       8
    4      29
    2       1
    3      30
    4      18
    5      42
    6       2
    7       4
    8      53
    9      29
   10      29
    1      13
    3    5500
    4    3679
    5     180
    5       1
    6      40
    6       4
    8      81
    8      15
    9    9100
   10     300
   11   15000
   12    1275
   13      20
   15    9500
   14       1
   16     600
   15     130
   15      91
   16  233885
    7    4000
    2  100000
    4     800
    3     120
    4       1
    5    8000
    5    1000
    5    1000
    5    9000
    6     100
    6    1200
    6    1800
   11    1150
   11       1
   10     150
   11   13780
   12     900
   11     350
   12     100
   12     900
   13      15
   14  103000
   16     730
   15   12000
   16     400
   11     320
   11   14360
    9    4500
   10     335
   11      15
    8     100
    8     430
    9      80
   11     600
   11    1000
   13       5
   14   74445
   12   12050
   13      11
   14       9
   14   15214
   14     934
   14   22671
   14  830075
   10   20000
   12     325
   11     150
   12       9
   12      16
    7      50
    7    6000
    8      85
    9    1300
   10      13
   11      22
   12      38
   13     846
   15       1
   16       6
   17     165
   19     429
   20    4381
   18       3
   20     272
   21    4221
   19     290
   20    6850
   22       2
   21    9672
   22      23
   14      12
   15      26
   16       7
   17       1
   18   23668
    2  105922
    3     500
    2    8000
    3    2200
    3    5000
    2     350
    2     300
    2     532
    2   12000
    2    6000
    2    1398
    2     200
    2     200
    2      20
    2       2
   -1
END 